Welcome to this course marshal this course module is about forums so forums on your team our page and
how Engler can help you with those forms.
Now on first sight it might be strange why you would need that help right because a form is something
you can simply submit to the server but then keep in mind you're creating a single page application.
So there is no submitting to the server.
Instead you will need to handle the form through angular.
And if you don't want to submit something to the server you will need to reach out via angler's HDB
service which will cover later in the course to that server.
So you will need to handle your forms through angular and actually angular will help you handling it
because not only will it allow you to get the values the user entered.
It will also allow you to check if a form is valid.
It will allow you to conditionally change the way before mis displayed.
Put some red borders around in valid controls so angular really ships with some powerful tools when
it comes to working with forms.
Let's take a closer look and let's understand what exactly.
Angler does for you how it handles forms